My mate said to me today,"Why are you carrying a 9 foot book?"
I said,"It's a TALL story."
(thanks Philip)
I used to have a job at a stationary firm, but I resigned.
I felt it wasn't going anywhere.
(thanks Philip)
Last week I mentioned that I was doing a speech for a friend's 30th and several people asked me to share it when... http://t.co/vFonV8rU8s
Woman to psychiatrist:” I can’t sleep, because my husband thinks he’s a fridge.
Psychiatrist: “Does his condition... http://t.co/juUYbHytEu
My friend really really likes water
I said "whatever floats your boat"
I've been asked to do a speech at my friends 30th birthday this weekend and he requested that I cram as many Dad... http://t.co/jDZP2vMIyl
I got offered a new job in Seoul. I though it was time for a Korea change.
I was playing with my dog and throwing a ball. No matter how far I threw the ball the dog brought it back.

I... http://t.co/reMOwNQ5de
Learn sign language... it’s very handy.
I got pulled over the other day. The cops asked me if I had a police record.
I told them "nah, just have their CD".
Why was everyone so tired on April 1st?
They had just finished a March of 31 days.
Bruce Willis, Sly Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger are making plans for an action hero movie, based on famous... http://t.co/PEqhkoIGKc
A 6ft tall woman just divorced her 5ft husband. They just couldn't see eye to eye.
The capital of Ireland is the world's fastest growing city because it's Dublin every year
Q: What do you call an igloo without a toilet?
A: An ig
I played Bonopoly last night. It's like Monopoly but where the streets have no name.
(thanks John)
What's brass and sounds like Tom Jones?
Trombones.
Frozen Apples - They're Hardcore!!!
(thanks Joel)
There's a fine line between hyphenated words
Bought some cheap scouring pads the other day, they weren't up to scratch.
(thanks Adrian)
"I used to be in a band called ‘Missing Cat’… you probably saw our posters."
"I was in a band called "Cancelled"... http://t.co/BkdJDu1WfH
Cat jokes freak meowt!
(thanks Philip)
Why do milking stools only have 3 legs?
because the cows got the udder.
Did you hear that the human cannonball from the circus died the other day? The ringmaster said it would be hard... http://t.co/uSn01BqRZd
The Russians poisoned all of the wheat supply in Ukraine, causing many deaths. Cereal killers!
(thanks Simon)
I wish people wouldn't put dart boards on the ceiling. They make me want to throw up.
(thanks Jon)
Went down the gym and burnt 1200 calories today.
I forgot to take the pizza out of the oven!
(thanks Philip)
I've decided to sell my vacuum cleaner ... well, it was just collecting dust
whos the worlds smelliest terrorist? Osama Bin Fartin.
(thanks Handie)
Apparently my new spine is on back order.
When is a door not a door? 
When it's ajar
I was in Paris when a pigeon pooped on my head..... 
I got quite an Eyeful
(thanks Philip)
I just have away a whole lot of dead batteries....
Free of charge.
Have downloaded iOS 8 and now have the U2 version of Apple maps. It's useless; the streets have no names!
(thanks Philip)
It's Jamaican hairstyle day at work tomorrow.
I'm already dreading it...
(thanks Philip)
Ok who's interested in seeing some shadow puppets...lets see a show of hands..
(thanks Saul)
The pirates son came home from school.
His dad asks him how his exams went.
Son says
Aye dad seven c's.
(thanks Greg)
There's a gang in town who are systematically shoplifting clothes in size order.
The police believe they're still at large.
(thanks Jon)
I went to the cafe and ordered a serve of chips. I asked "How long will they be?"
"Depends on the size of the... http://t.co/M9iqWHSGei
What do you call a cow with a twitch?? Beef jerky !!
(thanks Grant)
I didn't realise removing my front doorbell would have such a knock on effect.
(thanks Philip)
I'm constantly having to separate fact from fiction.
I hate being a Librarian.
Anyone here called Philip? 
I've found your screwdriver.
(thanks Philip)
See the police are looking into an incident at the origami display in the city? 
The police are looking into the unfolding events
My wife sent me out to get some cottage cheese today............I had to raid about 20 cottages before I found... http://t.co/Js2AIOvYeq
My wife's a raver and keeps trying to get me into it. 
She won't techno for an answer
(thanks Philip)
A family going on vacation heading past some paddocks, the dad says "look at that flock of cows" the kids in the... http://t.co/JUGqct5CcB
Hope the missus doesn't find out I replaced our bed with a trampoline.
She'll hit the roof.
(thanks Philip)
What happens if you drop your iphone and ipad in the water?
They sync
(thanks Steven)
My son will be starting school soon and he is worried he will get bullied because of his name. 'Don't worry... http://t.co/UCVftKp75s
Welcome to this week's meeting of Plastic Surgery Addicts Anonymous. I'm seeing a lot of new faces this week!
(thanks Matthew)
What's a ball do when it stops rolling? 
Nothing, it just looks round.
(thanks Cindy)
This 85 year old couple, having been married almost 60 years, had died in a car crash. They had been in good... http://t.co/2bDslIBgAt
Did you hear about the conductor who took to many baths?
He started writing soap operas.
(thanks Myles)
A guy tried to sell me a coffin the other day.
I told him that's the last thing I need.
A farmer in the field with his cows counted 196 of them, but when he rounded them up he had 200.
(thanks Jon)
A church's bell ringer passed away. So they posted the position and a man came in with no arms wanting the job.... http://t.co/H8h3msjAYb
Have you seen http://t.co/3yKsyWLH5G
Now there's a sight for sore eyes!
Why did the banana go to the doctor? 
He wasn't peeling well...
How do you get a Scotsman onto the roof?
Tell him the drinks are on the house.
(thanks Philip)
I bought my friend an elephant for their room.
They said "Thanks"
I said "Don't mention it."
(Thanks Nick)
Last night I dreamt I ate a giant marshmallow.
When I woke up, my pillow was gone!
(classic from John)
My daughter wanted a pet spider but they were $90 at the pet shop. I think I will just get one of the web!
(thanks Lachlan)
A chicken spotted another chicken on the other side of the road and yelled out "hey you ...how did you get on the... http://t.co/w3VZ11Qp9c
Yesterday I witnessed 2 kids being pulled over by police, one was drinking battery acid the other fireworks.
I... http://t.co/6VMS5qTSZd
A sandwich walks into a bar. Bartender says "we don't serve food in here"
My mate just went on a great holiday in Weymouth!
In Dorset?
Yes he really recommends it!
(thanks Philip)
The soldier with no hair will stand baldly for his country!
(thanks Dave)
I said to the wife "lets go buy some calendars" she said in reply "its a date"
(thanks Luke)
Thanks Ben http://t.co/PaDYjhPnIq
Taxi drivers should never accept a fare from a woman named Catherine; they could be arrested for driving while in-taxi-kated.
Why didn't the worm ever go out?

Because he was boring...
(thanks Saul)
My doctor told me to watch my drinking. So I'm off to find a bar with a mirror!
(thanks Philip)
I had a dream last night that I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted
(thanks Ian)
I Phoned the local council today to ask if i could have a skip outside my house....... they said i could do... http://t.co/e2aqyMBqbG
I was thinking of having a pear earlier........... but I decided to have just one.....
(thanks Scott)
To the bloke that invented zero, thanks for nothing pal
(thanks Philip)
Went on cruise and the Captain informed me that I could drink as much alcohol I liked........just don't go overboard.
(thanks Bob)
(thanks Shane) http://t.co/zeS0LgaqPe
Why do the French eat snails? Cause they don't like fast food...
(thanks Ryan)
I don't mean to brag but my bank just sent me an email saying that I am outstanding!!..
(thanks David)
I just got an email saying 'At Google earth we can read maps backwards! '
I thought, "That's just spam."
(thanks Philip)
My girlfriend is leaving me cause of my obsession with Africa. Uganda be kidding me, Kenya believe it? Well, it's Ghana be a messy break up.
Where would you learn to make ice cream?
At sundae school.
(thanks Philip)
I entered a marathon, but was a little embarrassed when every few miles, I'd start coughing uncontrollably, and... http://t.co/QO4UcJj8iU
(thanks Steven) http://t.co/xaKsF9pf7Y
I always keep an empty milk bottle in the fridge, just in case anyone has black coffee
(thanks Philip)
What do you call a sleeping bull?...... 
A bulldozer
(thanks Aaron)
What do you call a film about mallards ? A duckumentary
(thanks Philip)
I think I swallowed the wrong tablet. It had 'samsung' written on it....
(thanks Bob)
They say 50 is the new 40, try telling that to a speed camera!
(thanks Philip)
Happy Father's Day to all our USA fans :D

Dad: Two men were sailing in a boat. Their names were Pete and Repete.... http://t.co/NWTpeDAR9m
A stormtrooper went to buy a mobile phone and and was interested in a Samsung Galaxy. The salesman waved his hand... http://t.co/QSp0Ho5d6Y
I phoned up the spiritual leader of Tibet and he sent me a large goat like animal with a long neck!
Turns out I... http://t.co/L3eSDvfs1K
I saw a guy telling Dad Jokes at bowling the other night. I though "that's right up my alley"
Police were called to local Day care centre this afternoon
There was 4 kids resisting a rest
(thanks Steven)
finally got rid of that nasty electrical charge I've been carrying. I'm ex-static!
(thanks Philip)
A magician appeared in court today. He then apologised, and promptly disappeared again...
(thanks Bob)
someone has just thrown a lump of cheese at me! I thought to myself that's not very mature!!
(thanks Philip)
My wife has left a note on the kitchen table saying that she's leaving me because of my obsession with online... http://t.co/V9M6oELLSV
I invented a new drink called the F5. It's so refreshing
(thanks Joel)
How do you describe someone who is grumpy without their toast in the morning?
Lack toast intolerant
(thanks Christian)
What happens when you talk to a cow? 
It goes in one ear and out the udder!
I once had a cross eyed teacher..... She couldn't control her pupils.....
(thanks Philip)
My grandfather died in his living room. I find that really ironic.
(thanks Machiavelli)
Apparently centipedes have no claws. Does this mean there is no such thing as Centi Claws.
(thanks Joel)
I went to the Doctor because my little toe ended up on my big toe..
He told me I have a case of mixamytoessis.
(thanks Rodger)
A Cheese factory has exploded in France.....
There's De Brie everywhere!
(thanks Philip)
Does anyone have any good Star Wars Dad Jokes for May the Fourth?
Someone just threw a bottle of Omega 3 pills at me. Don't worry, I only suffered super fish oil injuries.
(thanks Damien)
Why was the mime incarcerated? He committed unspeakable crimes.
(thanks Michael)
Did you hear about the Italian chef that died. 
He pasta way
A soldier who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
(thanks Kevin)
Rick Astley is happy to let you borrow any of his Disney Pixar dvd's except one. He's never going to give you Up.
(thanks Ali)
Pluto wanted to organize a solar system party. But he cannot plan it!
(thanks Joel)
I saw an advert in a window that said " TV for sale. $1. Volume stuck on full" I thought, I cant turn that down.
Why don't lobsters share their food?
Because they're shellfish.
(thanks Matty)
I had a pet lizard, I called him tiny. He was my newt
(thanks Steven)
Is this pool safe for diving? 
It deep ends.
(thanks Jason)
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote control, and I thought to myself. "Well this changes everything"
(thanks Philip)
I wrote a song about a Tortilla, well actually it's a Wrap.
Classic. http://t.co/rpqUTRhkGN
What did the lawyer say to the batsman
''Your out on bail" 
(thanks Paul)
i told my cat i was gonna teach him to speak English
he looked at me &amp; said "Me? how?"
(thanks David)
Why was your computer cold?
....
Because you left windows open!
(thanks Jasmine)
I didn't like my beard at first but then it grew on me.
(thanks David)
I told my friend she had drawn her eyebrows on too high. She looked surprised. 
(thanks Ali)
As I was strolling through my local produce department, I noticed the apples were working out. When I asked an... http://t.co/9Vy7hXeHrc
Put the cat out.
Why? It's on fire!
(thanks James)
Can you put the kettle on?
No! It doesn't fit. 
(thanks Naomi)
If you watch an Apple store get robbed, are you an iWitness?
(thanks Zakaria)
I saw a lawyer walking down the road drinking a coffee...I think he was a Barrista.
(thanks Rodger)
What did the fence say to the house?
I got ya surrounded. 
(thanks Xzac)
When fish are in schools, they sometimes take debate..
(thanks Ben)
So yet again my autobiography has been rejected by a publisher.
Story of my life.
(thanks Ali)
Scientists have just completed a study into the effects of alcohol on walking. The result was staggering. 
(thanks  Damien)
http://t.co/D4hfPnCBpk
Why did the belt get thrown in jail? He held up a pair of pants. 
(thanks Sean)
Think I saw Michael J Fox earlier today in my local garden centre. Can't be certain though, as he had his back to the fuchsias.
(thanks Ali)
Why did the Irish whale beach itself? To be shore to be shore...
(thanks Ben)
So this Irishman walks out of a bar..
No, really, it can happen! http://t.co/YV8pjTMlJB
Four fonts walk into a bar. The barman says “Hey get out! We don’t want your type in here!”
When I was in the supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode. I asked “Are you two an item?”
Doctors tell us there are over seven million people who are overweight. These, of course, are only round figures.
At dinner last night, my brother kept talking about how rare his steak was. I said well it can't be that rare, I... http://t.co/whjpNzVyk6
Corduroy pillows are making headlines.
I used to work in a blanket factory, but it folded.
Be kind to your dentist. He has fillings, too.
Venison for dinner again? Oh deer!
This girl said she recognised me from the vegetarian club, but I’d never met herbivore.
If a toddler refuses to have a nap
Is that resisting arrest
(thanks Steven)
If Tomatoes are a fruit, is Tomato Sauce/Ketchup considered a Smoothie?
(thanks Max)
There's a new theatre production about a thesaurus.
It's a play on words.
It's like I've always said, there's 3 types of people in this world. Those who can count and those that can't.
Which rock group has four men that don't sing?
Mount Rushmore
If prisons let prisoners take their own mug shots, they'd be called cellfies.
"This is my signature dish. Enjoy"
(thanks Tim) http://t.co/ygnkaAEMiE
So you haven't heard the joke about the garbage truck?
Dont worry its a load of rubbish.
(thanks Wayne)

I refuse... http://t.co/FsO4kKVNB9
What do you call a man with a hat made of household tools?
Handy Capped.
(thanks Mike)
I took my accordion to be repaired. The guy said he would try to squeeze it in.
(thanks Ian)
Ff you go to Jamaica and copy a movie and then bring it back to the UK does it make you a Pirate of the Caribbean?
(thanks David)
A router walks into a bar...... and says "I'm here for the networking event"
(thanks Philip)
My neighbour has a singing chicken – he is taking it in to audition for the ‘Eggs Factor’
(thanks Neil)
So honey, how do I look?
With your eyes dear.
I didn't buy the Velcro shorts.
They were a rip off.
I'm thinking of getting a 4D printer..... I wont be rushed and will take my time about it.
And on another note
G#
David Beckham gets into a London taxi and he sees the driver looking at him in the rear-view mirror.

After about... http://t.co/yHfBDHxY3C
What's bigger then a tow truck?
A foot truck!
If you throw a pencil up in the air
Is it still stationery?
Some people say jokes don't always translate well between text &amp; speech, but I disagree. I guess it's as they... http://t.co/iAmNXluUfe
My optometrist says my eye sight is getting better. In 6 years time I'll have 20 20 vision. 
(thanks Chris)
Why is "Where's Wally" always wearing a striped shirt? 
He doesn't want to be spotted.
I was dating an astronaut but she broke up with me.... apparently she needed more space
(thanks Saul)
Why shouldn't you date a tennis player?
Because love means nothing to them!
(thanks Lydia)
I went to the doctor to tell him about my craving for collecting iPads. He gave me some tablets.
(thanks Richard)
Q: Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
A: Because the pee is silent.
(thanks Jon)
A vulture with two dead raccoons boards an aircraft..... The Stewardess promptly says... "sorry sir only one carrion item"
(thanks Philip)
Peanut butter jokes aren't funny until you spread them.
(thanks Michael)
Peanut butter jokes aren't funny until you spread them.
(thanks Michael)
I wanted to be a podiatrist, but I couldn't get a foot in the door.
Prices for chimneys have gone through the roof!
(thanks Saul)
Q: What did the windmill say when she met her favourite movie star?
A: "Nice to meet you. I'm a BIG FAN!"
(thanks David)
I saw a man with a trolley full of horseshoes and rabbits feet earlier trying to get up a hill.
I thought he's... http://t.co/gcE6LSTwqK
My Wife gave me a leaflet on anger management .... hope I don't loose it!
(thanks Philip)
http://t.co/W9PAvu1OTa
Why did the cup of coffee file a police report?
It got mugged.
(thanks Mike)
The past, the present and the future all walk into a bar.
It was tense.
Why did the orange stop half way up the hill?
It ran out of juice. 
(thanks Lisa)
If a red headed bloke gets a job at a bakery, does he become a gingerbread man?
(thanks Steven)
Why did Jack get a restraining order taken out against him? 
Because he's bean stalking the Giant.
(thanks Shane)
My Wife laughed when I said I was going to build a car out of spaghetti.....

Should have seen her face when I drove pasta!
(thanks Philip)
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, but no atmosphere.
(thanks Tim)
For my next trick I intend to eat a percussion instrument sandwich.......

Drum Roll Please!
(thanks Philip)
A mangy looking guy who goes into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says: "No way. I don't think you can... http://t.co/cpyMJxyrpT
Why did the toilet roll roll down the hill? 
To get to the bottom!
(thanks Tim and several others who have posted this one)
It's easy to weigh fish because they bring their own scales.
David Hasselhoff calls his agent and demands, "I want everyone to call me The Hoff from now on."
His agent replies "Sure! No hassle."
When the giant cannibals began to soak me in vinegar, I thought "enough is enough."
"Why don't you pickle someone... http://t.co/hDs6LUCISe
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was... http://t.co/eNryIy9K8E

